README.md, before:

## Python PyPi Bot for Telegram 

Bot provide downloads statistic from PyPi for last 3 days by command '/stats' 
and send every day 5 random packages from PyPi.

You can use Bot in Telegram - https://t.me/pypi_tools_bot

Available commands:
- **/stats package_name**
    
    Description: return download statistic for last 5 days
    
    You can setup for how many days you want to have statistic with defining days numbers after command.
    Example: */stats:10 gino* Bot will send to you download statistic for 10 days.

- **/search package_name**
    
    Description: return info about package and links to Package's homepage and PyPi page
    
    */search:detailed package_name*
    
  Description: return explicit info about package

- **/help**

    To get help
    
- **/releases package_name**

    Use this command to get a list with 7 last package releases with dates.
    Example: */releases aiohttp*
    
    Use **/releases:full** to get full list of package releases with dates
    Example: */releases:full aiohttp*


- **/random** 

    Commands returns random package from PyPi
    Example: */random*

Commit message:

added cache, added command plot

README.md, after:

## Python PyPi Bot for Telegram 

Bot provide set of commands to work with PyPi 

You can use Bot in Telegram - https://t.me/pypi_tools_bot

Or set up it & run on your own server & telegram bot.

Available commands:
- **/stats package_name**
    
    Description: return download statistic for last 5 days
    
    You can setup for how many days you want to have statistic with defining days numbers after command.
    Example: */stats:10 gino* Bot will send to you download statistic for 10 days.

- **/plot package_name**
    
    Description: return plot with download statistic for last 5 days
    
    You can setup for how many days you want to have statistic with defining days numbers after command.
    Example: */plot:10 gino* Bot will send to you download statistic for 10 days.


- **/search package_name**
    
    Description: return info about package and links to Package's homepage and PyPi page
    
    */search:detailed package_name*
    
  Description: return explicit info about package

- **/help**

    To get help
    
- **/releases package_name**

    Use this command to get a list with 7 last package releases with dates.
    Example: */releases aiohttp*
    
    Use **/releases:full** to get full list of package releases with dates
    Example: */releases:full aiohttp*


- **/random** 

    Commands returns random package from PyPi
    Example: */random*
